"Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha",
"The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha",
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. - Buddha",
"The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. - Buddha",
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha",
"The root of suffering is attachment. - Buddha",
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha",
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha",
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius",
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. - Wayne Gretzky",
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. - Albert Schweitzer",
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe",
"Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt",
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill",
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson",
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein"
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Life is short, and it’s up to you to make it sweet." – Sarah Louise Delany
"Laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live." – Johnny Depp
"To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides." – David Viscott
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." – Charlie Chaplin
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." – Audrey Hepburn
"Live for the moments you can’t put into words." – Unknown
"Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." – Mother Teresa
"Laughter is an instant vacation." – Milton Berle
"Where there is love, there is life." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." – Helen Keller
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." – Confucius
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." – George Bernard Shaw
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line." – Lucille Ball
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about." – Marilyn Monroe
"Do more things that make you forget to check your phone." – Unknown
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." – Oscar Wilde
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." – Aristotle
"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." – Mark Twain
"Life is a one-time offer, use it well." – Unknown
"You don’t love someone because they’re perfect. You love them in spite of the fact that they’re not." – Jodi Picoult
"Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can." – Elsa Maxwell
"The most wasted of all days is one without laughter." – E.E. Cummings
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." – William Shakespeare
"Live your life with arms wide open." – Unknown
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Love is not what you say, love is what you do." – Unknown
"Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain." – Vivian Greene
"Life is short, break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably." – Mark Twain
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of." – Bruce Lee
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." – Confucius
"To laugh often and much, to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... this is to have succeeded." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A good laugh is sunshine in the house." – William Makepeace Thackeray
"The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return." – Eden Ahbez
"Take time to do what makes your soul happy." – Unknown
"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart." – Helen Keller
"We do not remember days, we remember moments." – Cesare Pavese
"Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can’t change." – Unknown
"In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years." – Abraham Lincoln
"Love is a friendship set to music." – Joseph Campbell
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly." – Unknown
"The greatest wealth is to live content with little." – Plato
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive." – Dalai Lama
"Don’t just exist, live." – Unknown
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." – Mother Teresa
"Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans." – John Lennon
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without." – Buddha
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." – Buddha
"The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows." – Buddha
"You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." – Buddha
"The root of suffering is attachment." – Buddha
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." – Buddha
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship." – Buddha
"In the end, these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?" – Buddha
"Holding on to anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die." – Buddha
"He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior." – Confucius
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Confucius
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance." – Confucius
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." – Confucius
"Respect yourself and others will respect you." – Confucius
"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." – Confucius
"Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." – Confucius
"The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions." – Confucius
"When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves." – Confucius
"Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought." – Matsuo Basho
"Let go, or be dragged." – Zen Proverb
"The quieter you become, the more you can hear." – Ram Dass
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." – Rumi
"You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?" – Rumi
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself." – Rumi
"Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form." – Rumi
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." – Rumi
"When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about." – Rumi
"The wound is the place where the Light enters you." – Rumi
"Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts." – Dhammapada
"Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace." – Dhammapada
"Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule." – Dhammapada
"As a solid rock is not shaken by the wind, so the wise are not shaken by praise or blame." – Dhammapada
"If you find no one to support you on the spiritual path, walk alone." – Dhammapada
"Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared." – Dhammapada
"All conditioned things are impermanent—when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering." – Dhammapada
"Meditate… do not delay, lest you later regret it." – Dhammapada
"There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires." – Dhammapada
"One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings, one is called noble." – Dhammapada
"Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures." – Lao Tzu
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." – Lao Tzu
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." – Lao Tzu
"Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power." – Lao Tzu
"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished." – Lao Tzu
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know." – Lao Tzu
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don’t compare or compete, everyone will respect you." – Lao Tzu
"If you want to awaken all of humanity, awaken all of yourself." – Lao Tzu
"The best fighter is never angry." – Lao Tzu
"By letting go, it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go." – Lao Tzu
"I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying." – Oscar Wilde
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day." – A. A. Milne
"I can resist everything except temptation." – Oscar Wilde
"The early bird can have the worm, because worms are gross and mornings are stupid." – Unknown
"I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early." – Charles Lamb
"My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them." – Mitch Hedberg
"I’m writing a book. I’ve got the page numbers done." – Steven Wright
"If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments." – Earl Wilson
"If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you." – Steven Wright
"Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it." – Unknown
"I’m on a whiskey diet. I’ve lost three days already." – Tommy Cooper
"I didn’t fall. I’m just spending some quality time with the floor." – Unknown
"If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito." – Dalai Lama
"I used to think I was indecisive, but now I’m not too sure." – Unknown
"Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?" – Robin Williams
"If life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye." – Cathy Guisewite
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific." – Lily Tomlin
"Change is not a four-letter word… but often your reaction to it is!" – Jeffrey Gitomer
"A clear conscience is a sure sign of a bad memory." – Mark Twain
"I’d agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong." – Unknown
"By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong." – Charles Wadsworth
"Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it’s a beautiful day." – Unknown
"All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal, or fattening." – Alexander Woollcott
"It could be that your life is only one missed opportunity away from becoming a pie chart." – Scott Adams
"I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort." – Zach Galifianakis
"I am only human, although I regret it." – Mark Twain
"I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Why do they call it a ‘building’? It’s already built." – Jerry Seinfeld
"I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food." – W.C. Fields
"No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again." – Buddha
"The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces." – Will Rogers
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." – Steve Martin
"I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." – Benjamin Franklin
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." – Mark Twain
"It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog." – Mark Twain
"The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"If you can dream it, you can do it." – Walt Disney
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." – Jimmy Dean
"Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded." – Wayne Dyer
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." – George Eliot
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." – Henry David Thoreau
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
"Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it." – Unknown
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." – Joshua J. Marine
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." – Robert Kiyosaki
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." – Albert Einstein
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." – Richard Branson
"Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure." – Aisha Tyler
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." – Jerry Dunn
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." – Booker T. Washington
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it." – Unknown
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." – Karen Lamb
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned." – Peter Marshall
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." – Milton Berle
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but about learning how to dance in the rain." – Vivian Greene
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." – Helen Keller
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." – Martin Luther King Jr.
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you’ll be criticized anyway." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." – George S. Patton